CACM-1519
----------------------------------------------------------------
<hl>sharing</hl> <hl>operating</hl> <hl>system</hl>
<hl>operating</hl> <hl>system</hl> run wide variety
configurations 19 handle large number online console users
<hl>time</hl> running line background oriented mode batch
processing <hl>system</hl> atlas supervisor ibsys gecos
multiaccess <hl>system</hl> resembling user ctss multics
simultaneously depending installation adjust schedulers

CACM-1410
----------------------------------------------------------------
<hl>sharing</hl> <hl>operating</hl> <hl>system</hl>
<hl>operating</hl> <hl>system</hl> run wide variety
configurations 19 handle large number online console users
<hl>time</hl> running line background oriented mode batch
processing <hl>system</hl> atlas supervisor ibsys gecos
multiaccess <hl>system</hl> resembling user ctss multics
simultaneously depending installation adjust schedulers ...
<hl>sharing</hl> systems optimization timeshared <hl>system</hl>
performance requires description stochastic processes governing
user inputs program activity paper statistical description user
input <hl>tss</hl> input process assumed stationary defined
interarrival <hl>time</hl> distribution data obtained justify
satisfactorily common assumption interarrival times serially
independent data ... includes multilevel deviceindependent store
cacm november 1967 oestreicher bailey strauss ca67111 jb
february 27 1978 1:47 pm 1519 5 1519

CACM-1506
----------------------------------------------------------------
<hl>sharing</hl> <hl>operating</hl> <hl>system</hl>
<hl>operating</hl> <hl>system</hl> run wide variety
configurations 19 handle large number online console users
<hl>time</hl> running line background oriented mode batch
processing <hl>system</hl> atlas supervisor ibsys gecos
multiaccess <hl>system</hl> resembling user ctss multics
simultaneously depending installation adjust schedulers ...
<hl>sharing</hl> systems optimization timeshared <hl>system</hl>
performance requires description stochastic processes governing
user inputs program activity paper statistical description user
input <hl>tss</hl> input process assumed stationary defined
interarrival <hl>time</hl> distribution data obtained justify
satisfactorily common assumption interarrival times serially
independent data ... <hl>sharing</hl> online dialogues laconiq
laboratory computer online inquiry monitor developed primarily
support nonnumerical applications retrieval large means dialogue
<hl>system</hl> user

CACM-1605
----------------------------------------------------------------
<hl>sharing</hl> <hl>operating</hl> <hl>system</hl>
<hl>operating</hl> <hl>system</hl> run wide variety
configurations 19 handle large number online console users
<hl>time</hl> running line background ... <hl>sharing</hl> batch
processing effectiveness program development mit compatible
timesharing <hl>system</hl> ctss compared <hl>ibm</hl> ibsys
batchprocessing <hl>system</hl> means statistically designed
experiment computer <hl>time</hl> elapsed <hl>time</hl>
considered definitive <hl>system</hl> effectiveness analysis
variance techniques employed estimate <hl>system</hl>
differences variables differences due design factors ...
oriented mode batch processing <hl>system</hl> atlas supervisor
ibsys gecos multiaccess <hl>system</hl> resembling user ctss
multics simultaneously depending installation adjust schedulers
... <hl>sharing</hl> systems optimization timeshared
<hl>system</hl> performance requires description stochastic
processes governing user inputs program activity paper
statistical description user input

CACM-1161
----------------------------------------------------------------
<hl>sharing</hl> <hl>operating</hl> <hl>system</hl>
<hl>operating</hl> <hl>system</hl> run wide variety
configurations 19 handle large number online console users
<hl>time</hl> running line background ... <hl>sharing</hl> batch
processing effectiveness program development mit compatible
timesharing <hl>system</hl> ctss compared <hl>ibm</hl> ibsys
batchprocessing <hl>system</hl> means statistically designed
experiment computer <hl>time</hl> elapsed <hl>time</hl>
considered definitive <hl>system</hl> effectiveness analysis
variance techniques employed estimate <hl>system</hl>
differences variables differences due design factors ...
system36 model 3 generation storedprogram <hl>computers</hl>
<hl>ibm</hl> 14 series part brought edp mass market
<hl>time</hl> large scale era unfolded rapid ... oriented mode
batch processing <hl>system</hl> atlas supervisor ibsys gecos
multiaccess <hl>system</hl> resembling user ctss multics
simultaneously depending installation adjust schedulers

CACM-3048
----------------------------------------------------------------
<hl>sharing</hl> <hl>operating</hl> <hl>system</hl>
<hl>operating</hl> <hl>system</hl> run wide variety
configurations 19 handle large number online console users
<hl>time</hl> running line background ... <hl>sharing</hl> batch
processing effectiveness program development mit compatible
timesharing <hl>system</hl> ctss compared <hl>ibm</hl> ibsys
batchprocessing <hl>system</hl> means statistically designed
experiment computer <hl>time</hl> elapsed <hl>time</hl>
considered definitive <hl>system</hl> effectiveness analysis
variance techniques employed estimate <hl>system</hl>
differences variables differences due design factors ...
system36 model 3 generation storedprogram <hl>computers</hl>
<hl>ibm</hl> 14 series part brought edp mass market
<hl>time</hl> large scale era unfolded rapid ... oriented mode
batch processing <hl>system</hl> atlas supervisor ibsys gecos
multiaccess <hl>system</hl> resembling user ctss multics
simultaneously depending installation adjust schedulers

CACM-1680
----------------------------------------------------------------
<hl>sharing</hl> <hl>operating</hl> <hl>system</hl>
<hl>operating</hl> <hl>system</hl> run wide variety
configurations 19 handle large number online console users
<hl>time</hl> running line background ... <hl>sharing</hl> batch
processing effectiveness program development mit compatible
timesharing <hl>system</hl> ctss compared <hl>ibm</hl> ibsys
batchprocessing <hl>system</hl> means statistically designed
experiment computer <hl>time</hl> elapsed <hl>time</hl>
considered definitive <hl>system</hl> effectiveness analysis
variance techniques employed estimate <hl>system</hl>
differences variables differences due design factors ...
system36 model 4 <hl>ibm</hl> 225 display unit
<hl>operating</hl> system36 adept cataloged program controls
standard <hl>operating</hl> <hl>system</hl> terminating
rescheduling relinquishing computer ... system36 model 3
generation storedprogram <hl>computers</hl> <hl>ibm</hl> 14
series part brought edp mass market <hl>time</hl> large scale
era unfolded rapid

CACM-1591
----------------------------------------------------------------
<hl>sharing</hl> <hl>operating</hl> <hl>system</hl>
<hl>operating</hl> <hl>system</hl> run wide variety
configurations 19 handle large number online console users
<hl>time</hl> running line background ... teaching
<hl>system</hl> model incorporated <hl>operating</hl>
<hl>system</hl> large computer model transferred control
<hl>operating</hl> <hl>system</hl> execute functions teaching
recovered control order resume abacii written run
<hl>operating</hl> <hl>system</hl> ibsys <hl>ibm</hl> 744
graphic <hl>system</hl> teaching <hl>system</hl> terminated
rescheduled student studying course presented cathoderay display
... <hl>sharing</hl> batch processing effectiveness program
development mit compatible timesharing <hl>system</hl> ctss
compared <hl>ibm</hl> ibsys batchprocessing <hl>system</hl>
means statistically designed experiment computer <hl>time</hl>
elapsed <hl>time</hl> considered definitive <hl>system</hl>
effectiveness analysis variance techniques employed estimate
<hl>system</hl> differences variables differences due design
factors

CACM-3025
----------------------------------------------------------------
<hl>sharing</hl> <hl>operating</hl> <hl>system</hl>
<hl>operating</hl> <hl>system</hl> run wide variety
configurations 19 handle large number online console users
<hl>time</hl> running line background ... teaching
<hl>system</hl> model incorporated <hl>operating</hl>
<hl>system</hl> large computer model transferred control
<hl>operating</hl> <hl>system</hl> execute functions teaching
recovered control order resume abacii written run
<hl>operating</hl> <hl>system</hl> ibsys <hl>ibm</hl> 744
graphic <hl>system</hl> teaching <hl>system</hl> terminated
rescheduled student studying course presented cathoderay display
... <hl>sharing</hl> batch processing effectiveness program
development mit compatible timesharing <hl>system</hl> ctss
compared <hl>ibm</hl> ibsys batchprocessing <hl>system</hl>
means statistically designed experiment computer <hl>time</hl>
elapsed <hl>time</hl> considered definitive <hl>system</hl>
effectiveness analysis variance techniques employed estimate
<hl>system</hl> differences variables differences due design
factors

CACM-0585
----------------------------------------------------------------
<hl>sharing</hl> <hl>operating</hl> <hl>system</hl>
<hl>operating</hl> <hl>system</hl> run wide variety
configurations 19 handle large number online console users
<hl>time</hl> running line background ... teaching
<hl>system</hl> model incorporated <hl>operating</hl>
<hl>system</hl> large computer model transferred control
<hl>operating</hl> <hl>system</hl> execute functions teaching
recovered control order resume abacii written run
<hl>operating</hl> <hl>system</hl> ibsys <hl>ibm</hl> 744
graphic <hl>system</hl> teaching <hl>system</hl> terminated
rescheduled student studying course presented cathoderay display
... <hl>sharing</hl> batch processing effectiveness program
development mit compatible timesharing <hl>system</hl> ctss
compared <hl>ibm</hl> ibsys batchprocessing <hl>system</hl>
means statistically designed experiment computer <hl>time</hl>
elapsed <hl>time</hl> considered definitive <hl>system</hl>
effectiveness analysis variance techniques employed estimate
<hl>system</hl> differences variables differences due design
factors

